Update 0x203-C3-Oracle.md (#10)
ComposableSecurity/SCSVS: 2.0/0x300-Integrations/0x303-I3-Oracle.md

| --- | --- |
| **I3.1** | Verify that there are no vulnerabilities associated with Oracle integration. |
| **I3.2** | Verify that, when using Uniswap TWAP as a price oracle, the period is long enough to make its manipulation unprofitable for the attacker (compared to the funds at potential risk). |
| **I3.3** | Verify that Oracle data is up-to-date. |
| **I3.4** | Verify that no spot oracle is used (e.g. spot price from Uniswap pool). |
| **I4.4** | Verify that, when using Uniswap V3 TWAP as price oracle, liquidity is high enough and is distributed widely accross most of the price range. |

> | **I4.5** | Whenever possible, use decentralized offchain oracles unsucceptible to price manipulatino attacks (e.g. Chainlink), ideally adding a fallback onchain oracle. |

Reviewer: typos
I am not sure that off-chain oracles is a good solution "whenever possible". They also have multiple downsides. And those are not always decentralized :)

Reviewer 2: Ok, I changed to "Consider using a decentralized offchain oracles unsucceptible to price manipulation attacks (e.g. Chainlink) for low liquidity asset, ideally adding a fallback onchain oracle." - what do you think?

Reviewer: We have addressed it and proposed a final check :)

Reviewer 2: Done in https://github.com/ComposableSecurity/SCSVS/pull/10/commits/6dc31b45da4c9b07243c21f7d7dadb8b1a92bd61

> | **I4.5** | Consider using a decentralized off-chain oracles unsusceptible to price manipulation attacks (e.g. Chainlink) for low liquidity asset, ideally adding a fallback on-chain oracle. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **I4.5** | Verify that, the use a decentralized off-chain oracles unsusceptible to on-chain price manipulation attacks (e.g. Chainlink) is considered for low liquidity asset, ideally combining it with on-chain oracles to detect malicious values. |
```
